In the previous lesson we have rewritten
the favorite button into vue js component.
Now in this lesson we are going to
do almost the same thing to this accept
answer button.
All right let's switch over to our terminal and create new branch by saying git checkout
-b lesson-33
and don't forget to run web pack by saying npm run watch.
OK
Now let's open _vote.blade.php and as you can see in
else statement we call shared underscore accept blade
php. So let's opened that file
as you can see in this file
we need to authorize the current
user signed in to show the button.
That means we need to think how to keep this authorization
working when we rewritten these into new
component.
For now we're going to hard code it
and in the next lesson we'll rewrite
the authorization logic into javascript so that it can
be applied in our component. OK let's copy
everything.
Then go to assets js components folder here
let's create new file and call it accept dot vue
Inside here let's add template tag add
a div and then paste the markup.
We don't need to use a form here so let's
remove the on click attribute from here.
And let's also remove the form.
Now before we remove the laravel autorization
checking Let's add script tag below
and Firstly let's add props property to indicate
that this component needs answer as input
and then let's add computed property.
and here let's hard code
the authorization logic.
Again this only temporary solution
and in the next lesson we'll come back here and fix this.
OK let's define a method to check if the
current user can accept the answer.
I'm going to call it can accept
and for now it will be returned true.
and the second method is a method to check if the current user is cannot accept the answer
and the answer has been accepted as best answer.
And here I'm going to call it is best.
here we simply say return
this can accept
and this answer is best.
basically this logic simplify
this else if
statement.
And then here he can conditionally show this anchor
by utilizing v-if directive but before that let's
remove this blade if
statement from here
and now here we can say v-if
can accept
and then also let's remove these
and then we can conditionally show this
second anchor by saying v-if is best
and the last thing that we need
to change here is model status.
Let's see what's going on behind this accessor.
Let's open answer model
and then jump to get status attribute
it's basically return vote accepted class
if the answer has been accepted. I think now we can
place this logic in our companion and it will be
much easier.
So let's copy this logic
let's define data method
and here let's define a property called
is best and it holds this answer
is best.
And in this computed property
let's create a method called classes
return an array
contains bootstrap mt-2 class or margin top two like we call here
and paste the previous logic
and then change this to
this is best
and remove the semi colon.
Now we can remove the model status from both anchors
and instead we'll be binding the class attribute to classes.
All right now we can register this component in app.js
Duplicate this line
Let's change the first argument to accept
and the second argument require component
accept.vue
Now we can reopen _vote.blade.php
and replace this line with our newest component
let's save all changes and
have a look.
Something went wrong.
Let me open my browser console.
I have error
data function should return an object
here in data let's cut this return an
object and paste here. Save reload again.
Here I have another error.
The computed property isBest is already defined in data
OK
here I have defined is best in  data method and
in computed property defined a method in the
same name.
So remember don't use the same
name in data and computed property.
Maybe we can change this to accepted
reload again.
OK
Now I have no error.
Now you'll see the accept button will appear in all answers.
But don't worry we'll fix this issue later.